Notes on Contribution (#39)
steelthreads/agds-next: CONTRIBUTING.md

<LinkList
	links={[
		{ href: '/', label: 'Home' },
		{ href: '/about', label: 'About' },
	]}
/>;
```

If you wanted however to add an Icon to one or more of the links, this can be easily achieved by passing a react node as the `label` instead of a string.

```jsx
import { LinkList } from '@ag.ds-next/link-list';
<LinkList
	links={[
		{
			href: '/',
			label: (
				<Box>
					<Icon icon="house" /> Home
				</Box>
			),
		},
		{
			href: '/about',
			label: (
				<Box>
					<Icon icon="question" /> About
				</Box>
			),
		},
	]}
/>;
```

If you wanted to do something more complex you can pick and choose the parts of `LinkList` which are useful to you and replace anything you need to.

```tsx
// In this example, we create a LinkList component which can highlight external links
import { LinkListGroup, LinkListItem } from '@ag.ds-next/link-list';

const isExternal = (href: string) => href.startsWith('http');

const CustomLinkList = ({ links, ..props }) => (
	<LinkListGroup {...props}>
		{links.map(({ label, ...props }, index) => (
			<LinkListItem key={index}>
				{label} {isExternal(href) ? '[^]' : ''}
			</LinkListItem>
		))}
	</LinkListGroup>
);

```

> So components which (like `LinkList`) are a composition of several other components should expose their parts in addition to the main component to enable recomposing the parts in a different way. This lets us maintain a simple API while enabling much more complex changes.

Author: ```suggestion
So components which are a composition of several other components (like `LinkList`) should expose their parts in addition to the main component to enable recomposing the parts in a different way. This lets us maintain a simple API while enabling more complex use cases.
```

### Limit cross dependencies

It is fully expected that almost every design-system component will depend on `core` and `box` but beyond that, we should try to limit cross dependencies as much as possible.

> It's tempting to look, for example, at the `SideNavigation` component, see that in mobile it collapses to an accordion and then try to use the `Accordion` inside of `SideNavigation`.

Going down this path is fraught.

> 1. While there are certainly similarities in the look and functionality of these components they are fundamentally different. The `Accordion` is always an accordion. Open or closed. Nothing more. The `SideNavigation` how ever could change at runtime (on resize or device rotation) from a collapsible accordion-like component to one with a fixed height, locked open and then back again. This is not a feature the `Accordion` should support.

Author: ```suggestion
1. While there are certainly similarities in the look and functionality of these components they are fundamentally different. The `Accordion` is always an accordion. Open or closed. Nothing more. The `SideNavigation` however could change at runtime (on resize or device rotation) from a collapsible accordion-like component to one with a fixed height, locked open and then back again. This is not a feature the `Accordion` should support.
```
